the possible reaction or poor state of hepatitis B by pentavalent vaccines
that were applied in a clinic of the unbearable idea of ​​being brown and
they keep three serious children one of them in a coma in the hospital
child in the city and I took it to the clinic and myself so that the doctor
peace tell me what I had
He sent us a call to capar told us he had nothing as fast
that we could not waste time
that because he already had two other cases of the same diego tier because
had 30 of the costs
and this wax deposit the epo to present a human reaction
Adverse surely that one of the two vaccines
the match
pentavalent
percent
a clinical picture or very serious this can grow so much
little by little and very quickly deteriorated the state of consciousness in
children
four children between five and seven months old who were vaccinated in the
community of san nicolás bishop
they presented problems 1 was already registered
the one that we are bad is the one that is in intensive therapy
that is intubated
the piano present seizures none
but the p seraphin festive
incubator is with assistance and ventilation
of scarce resources and that just 17 years the parents of one of the minors
named jesus angel ask for the support of the authorities since they have had to
draw a series of problems to compare the medicines that you
they ask for my attention my child was asked for this medication and which
it cost thousand 748 pesos
and here among all also
operating in our power to buy the drug to sell I asked daf
this medication we ask you to support us with if you ask for medication
banalized I do not accept that whatever
so you need to help us because now you can
puenzo also because we parliament thought it was for vaccines
just the Extremadura and how
Well, how was it good
McKinnon but nothing because after
know what
but he is not to blame
the insssep authorities responsible for the clinic where the
vaccinations
are awaiting the results of the investigations to determine whether the
antivirals were in poor condition as some negligence in their application
provoked what will have to be committed is it possible that something expert
lock that is valid because I do not have a result basket of speculation
state
I have believed that it is something else we are waiting for the results of the
investigation, the families of the children went before the commission of
human rights for the investigation to determine what happened
with the vaccines that keep children on the verge of death
with information from Sandra is in his report quasar pp